Node.js Introduction updated (#2100)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/100-nodejs-introduction/readme.md

> # Nodejs introduction
> 
> Node.js® is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment and library that is used for running web applications outside the client’s browser.
> 
> It is used for server-side programming, and primarily deployed for non-blocking, event-driven servers, such as traditional web sites and back-end API services, but was originally designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind. Every browser has its own version of a JS engine, and node.js is built on Google Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node.js Introduction

Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform runtime environment and library that is used for running web applications outside the client’s browser.

It is used for server-side programming and primarily deployed for non-blocking, event-driven servers, such as traditional websites and back-end API services. It was initially designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind. Every browser has its version of a JS engine, and node.js is built on Google Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.
```

> # Nodejs introduction
> 
> Node.js® is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment and library that is used for running web applications outside the client’s browser.
> 
> It is used for server-side programming, and primarily deployed for non-blocking, event-driven servers, such as traditional web sites and back-end API services, but was originally designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind. Every browser has its own version of a JS engine, and node.js is built on Google Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://nodejs.org/en/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://nodejs.org/en/docs/'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node.js Introduction

Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform runtime environment and library that is used for running web applications outside the client’s browser.

It is used for server-side programming and primarily deployed for non-blocking, event-driven servers, such as traditional websites and back-end API services. It was initially designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind. Every browser has its version of a JS engine, and node.js is built on Google Chrome’s V8 JavaScript engine.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://nodejs.org/en/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://nodejs.org/en/docs/'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
```
